It's over. Behind the eve is the temple.
You two have verbally wounded your opponent. You go first.
boy. I have my backer.
You know he is the temple. the night before.
Move your feet. Xiaogaitianben.
This time it's big. thing.
Who opened it for you. Chen Shiyue,
Leave your feet dry. The night before.
Why are you helping Chen Shiyue? Could it be?
oops. Not even to Mr. Lin.
This unknown tribe. He is an unknown person.
Then this is
Mr. Lin’s identity
Otherwise, where is Mr. Lin Yan?
I'll take my leave first
He also bought
Why don't you find someone else first?
You really have to make a point
Long Yun is a very familiar person.
How could he let Ling Dong go?
What do you say? Here you are
Slow down and get together